## Project Objectives
* Train with ReactJs and Graphql using apollo

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App]

## Main Script
### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Prerequirements
* create-react-app
* apollo-boost
* react-apollo 
* graphql

## Packages Usages and Descriptions
apollo-boost offers some convenience by bundling several packages you need when working with Apollo Client:

* apollo-client: Where all the magic happens
* apollo-cache-inmemory: Our recommended cache
* apollo-link-http: An Apollo Link for remote data fetching
* apollo-link-error: An Apollo Link for error handling
* apollo-link-state: An Apollo Link for local state management
* graphql-tag: Exports the gql function for your queries & mutations
* react-apollo contains the bindings to use Apollo Client with React.
* graphql contains Facebook’s reference implementation of GraphQL - Apollo Client uses some of its functionality as well.


## Index.js Notes
### Main configuration for Apollo

* Imported all requirements
* Created an httpLink that will connect with ApolloClient, instance of the graphql API, this graphql server will be running in the port 4000.
* Instatiate the Apollo Client with the corresponding httpLink and the instans of the  In Memory Cache.
* Add on the render method a new wrapper with a high order component called ApolloProvider and get client as a prop of it.

## Graphql Serve
### Directory call server/
That directory was download as example of backend graphql server to be user in the project as guide

### Understanding the Server
* database: This directory holds all the files that relate to your Prisma database service.

* prisma.yml is the root configuration file for the service.
datamodel.graphql defines your data model in the GraphQL Schema Definition Language (SDL). The data model is the foundation for the GraphQL API generated by Prisma which provides powerful CRUD operations for the types in the data model.
src: This directory holds the source files for your GraphQL server.

* schema.graphql contains your application schema. The application schema defines the GraphQL operations you can send from the frontend. We’ll take a closer look at this file in just a bit.

* generated/prisma.graphql contains the auto-generated Prisma database schema. The Prisma schema defines powerful CRUD operations for the types in your data model. Note that you should never edit this file manually since it gets automatically updated when the data model changes.

* resolvers contains the resolver functions for the operations defined in the application schema.
index.js is the entry point for your GraphQL server.

From the mentioned files, only the application schema defined in server/src/schema.graphql is relevant as a frontend developer. 

This file contains the GraphQL schema which defines all the operations (queries, mutations and subscriptions) you can send from your frontend app.

## It Contains
### Queries:

feed: Retrieves all links from the backend, note that this query also allows for filter, sorting and pagination arguments
### Mutations:

* post: Allows authenticated users to create a new link
* signup: Create an account for a new user
* login: Login an existing user
* vote: Allows authenticated users to vote for an existing link

### Subscriptions:

* newLink: Receive realtime updates when a new link is created
* newVote: Receive realtime updates when a vote was submitted

